hey there everybody feel here for
android central.com and we are here with
two Nexus forms now these for all
intents and purposes look to be the same
but I think you know what's coming right
this one is black and this one is not
black it's white so yes we have the
white Nexus 4 very elusive was finally
announced it will be out may 29th so
that's soon enough so same glossy back
the camera housing looks a little bit
different that's just a visual tweak
though nothing big they're down on the
bottom kind of a big deal I guess same
FCC ID number so nothing significant
under the hood has changed here
otherwise yeah I mean same on the front
right same thickness nothing's changed
in that respect actually I take it back
the one difference here is the side so
on the black one it's rubberized it's
that soft touch coating the white one
it's more of a matte glossy not mad are
matte plastic right not callosity so
it's definitely different feel to it but
otherwise the exact same phone so just
to show you I'm you've seen the nexus 4
million times now right let's just dive
into the settings real quick and make
sure we don't have Andrew for dot 3
which we don't of course because it
hasn't been announced this that's for 22
and yet same build as on the other Nexus
4 because it's a nexus 4 it just happens
to be white storage wise we've got the
16 gigabyte version here so nothing
snuck in on that side either so again
that's the nexus 4 it just happens to be
white on the back oh yeah we've got the
white bumper case as well if you're into
that we saw that leak a long time ago
right so we knew that was coming so
there it is the white Nexus 4 it's the
nexus 4 that's white there's the plaque
Nexus 4 that's all the white Nexus 4
it's not black it's white well that
one's black this one's white that's it
I'll see ya everybody it's phil from
android central and if you want to help
out the site and look good go get the
best damn android t-shirt anywhere shop
android com
you